Blog post about summarise grouping and row mutation (#431)
tidyverse/tidyverse.org: content/blog/2020-05-dplyr-1-0-0-last-minute-additions/index.markdown

The `row_` functions match `x` and `y` using **keys**. A key is one or more variables that uniquely identifies each row. All `row_` functions check that the keys of `x` and `y` are valid (i.e. unique) before doing anything.

Let's see how these work with some toy data:

```r
df <- tibble(a = 1:3, b = letters[c(1:2, NA)], c = 0.5 + 0:2)
df
#> # A tibble: 3 x 3
#>       a b         c
#>   <int> <chr> <dbl>
#> 1     1 a       0.5
#> 2     2 b       1.5
#> 3     3 <NA>    2.5
```

We can use `row_insert()` to add new rows:

```r
new <- tibble(a = c(4, 5), b = c("d", "e"), c = c(3.5, 4.5))
df %>% rows_insert(new)
#> Matching, by = "a"
#> # A tibble: 5 x 3
#>       a b         c
#>   <dbl> <chr> <dbl>
#> 1     1 a       0.5
#> 2     2 b       1.5
#> 3     3 <NA>    2.5
#> 4     4 d       3.5
#> 5     5 e       4.5
```

Note that `rows_insert()` will fail if we attempt to insert a row that already exists:

```r
df %>% rows_insert(tibble(a = 3, b = "c"))
#> Matching, by = "a"
#> Error: Attempting to insert duplicate rows.
```

(The error messages are very minimal right now; if people find these functions useful we'll invest more effort in useful errors.)

> If you want to update existing values, use `rows_update()`. As you might expect it'll error if the row to update doesn't exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to update existing values, use `rows_update()`. As you might expect it'll error if one of the rows to update doesn't exist:
```
